Instructions/Demos/10 - Administer Data Protection.md, before:

---
demo:
  title: 示範 10：管理員 註冊數據保護
  module: Administer Data Protection
---

# 10 - 管理資料保護

## 備份 Azure 檔案共用

在此示範中，我們將探索如何在 Azure 入口網站中備份檔案共用。

> **注意：** 此示範需要具有檔案共享的記憶體帳戶。 

**參考**：[備份 Azure 入口網站 中的 Azure 檔案共用](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/backup/backup-afs)

**建立復原服務保存庫**

1. 使用 Azure 入口網站。

1. 搜尋選取 **的復原服務保存庫**。

1. 建立 **復原服務保存庫**。 檢閱保存庫與檔案共享位於相同區域的需求。 

1. 等候建立保存庫。 

**設定 Azure 檔案備份**

1. 移至 **備份中心** 並建立新的 **備份** 實例。

1. 檢閱並討論 [數據源類型 **] 下拉式清單中的選項**。 選取 **[Azure 檔案] [Azure 記憶體]。** 

1. 選取您的保存 **庫**。

1. **繼續** 設定備份。 選取您要備份的特定記憶體帳戶和檔案共用。  

1. 在 [原則詳細數據] 中 **，按兩下 [**編輯此原則**]。** 討論備份原則的用途。 檢閱 **備份排程** 和 **保留範圍**。  

1. **啟用備份** 以儲存變更。 

1. 當您有時間時，請檢閱如何**還原**** 備份實例**。 此外，如何監視備份 **作業**。 

## 備份 Azure 虛擬機器

在此示範中，我們會排程每日將虛擬機器備份到復原服務保存庫。

> **注意：** 此示範需要虛擬機器和復原服務保存庫。

**參考：教學**課程 [- 備份多個 Azure 虛擬機](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/backup/tutorial-backup-vm-at-scale)

1. 使用 Azure 入口網站。

1. 移至 **備份中心** 並建立新的 **備份** 實例。

1. 選取 **[Azure 虛擬機** ] 作為 **[數據源類型** ]，然後選取保存庫。

1. 檢閱 **DefaultPolicy**。 默認原則會每天備份虛擬機一次。 每日備份會保留 30 天。 立即復原快照集會保留兩天。

1. 使用 **[啟用備份** ] 來儲存您的設定。

1. 當您有時間時，請檢閱如何 **立即**備份。 此外，如何檢閱備份 **作業**。

Commit message:

Copy Files From Source Repo (2024-06-12 00:09)

Instructions/Demos/10 - Administer Data Protection.md, after:

---
demo:
    title: 'Demonstration 10: Administer Data Protection'
    module: 'Administer Data Protection'
---

# 10 - Administer Data Protection

## Backup Azure File Shares

In this demonstration, we will explore backing up a file share in the Azure portal.

> **Note:** This demonstration requires a storage account with a file share. 

**Reference**: [Back up Azure file shares in the Azure portal](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/backup/backup-afs)

**Create a Recovery Services vault**

1. Use the Azure portal.

1. Search for an select **Recovery Services vaults**.

1. Create a **Recovery Services Vault**. Review the requirement that the vault be in the same region as the file share. 

1. Wait for the vault to be created. 

**Configure the Azure files backup**

1. Go to **Backup center** and create a new **Backup** instance.

1. Review and discuss the choices in the **Datasource type** drop-down. Select **Azure files (Azure storage)**. 

1. Select your **vault**.

1. **Continue** configuring the backup. Select the specific storage account and file share that you want to backup.  

1. In the **Policy details** click **Edit this policy**. Discuss the purpose of backup policies. Review the **backup schedule** and **retention range**.  

1. **Enable backup** to save your changes. 

1. As you have time, review how to **Restore** a **Backup instance**. Also, how to monitor your **Backup jobs**. 

## Backup Azure Virtual Machines

In this demonstration, we will schedule a daily backup of a virtual machine to a Recovery Services vault.

> **Note:** This demonstration requires a virtual machine and a recovery service vault.

**Reference**: [Tutorial - Back up multiple Azure virtual machines](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/backup/tutorial-backup-vm-at-scale)

1. Use the Azure portal.

1. Go to **Backup center** and create a new **Backup** instance.

1. Select **Azure Virtual machines** as the **Datasource type** and select the vault.

1. Review the **DefaultPolicy**. The default policy backs up the virtual machine once a day. The daily backups are retained for 30 days. Instant recovery snapshots are retained for two days.

1. Use **Enable backup** to save your configuration.

1. As you have time, review how to **Backup now**. Also, how to review your **Backup jobs**.
